ColEm is a portable emulator of the old ColecoVision videogame console.
It should run most ColecoVision games and supports Coleco's SuperAction
controllers with spin wheels.

In order to run ColecoVision games, you will need a copy of the system 
ROM image, but for copyright reasons, no ROM image is included.  The
file is generally called "coleco.rom" or "coleco.zip" (which contains
"coleco.rom").  If you own a ColecoVision console, depending on the laws
where you live, it may or may not be legal for you to use a copy of the 
ROM.  If it's legal, you can either crack open your console, remove the 
ROM chip, and read the data from it...  or use google-fu to find an 
already-dumped image file.  Legal issues aside, you have 2 ways to 
provide the ROM image for the emulator to use:

1. Place either "coleco.rom" or "coleco.zip" (containing "coleco.rom") in
the directory with the SlackBuild script.  The resulting package will 
include the ROM image in "usr/share/colem/coleco.rom".  If you do this,
DO NOT give anyone a copy of the package!  Using the ROM might possibly
be legal, but bundling it with ColEm is against the ColEm license.

2. Build the package without the ROM image.  After installing the
package, manually place a copy of "coleco.rom" in "/usr/share/colem/"
or "~/.colem/".

Note about the sources: It appears that every time upstream releases a
new version, the download link for the previous version is removed.  If
you are unable to download the source, try visiting the home page and
look for a new version of ColEm.  If this is the case, please contact
the maintainer of this script (see the .info file)

By default, ColEm is built for 24- and 32-bit color depth X11 displays.
If you intend to run ColEm on an 8- or 16-bpp display, set either
DISPLAY_BPP=8 or DISPLAY_BPP=16 in the script's environment.
